---
layout: post
title: Selection for PGC 2023 Trainers Development Program 
date: 2023-10-05 16:11:00-0400
inline: false
related_posts: false
---


:sparkles: **I am honored to announce my selection for the prestigious 2023 Psychiatric Genomics Consortium (PGC) - Trainers Development Program.** :sparkles:

***

The program is scheduled for October 8-9, 2023, in Montréal, Quebec, Canada, ahead of the World Congress of Psychiatric Genetics (WCPG) from October 10th to 14th, 2023. This initiative by the PGC is their inaugural methodological training aimed at fostering a new generation of researchers in psychiatric genetics. The two-day training will encompass fundamental and advanced genomic analysis, covering topics such as basic genotyping QC, Genome-Wide Association Studies (GWAS), polygenic risk scores, and postGWAS approaches.


Since its inception in 2007, the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium has been pivotal in exploring the genetic underpinnings of psychiatric disorders, striving to ameliorate the lives of individuals afflicted with psychiatric illnesses. Being an entity that has remarkably unified much of the psychiatric field, the PGC continues to spearhead rapid advancements in understanding the genetic basis of psychiatric disorders.


I am also grateful to the PGC for the travel award, covering the expenses for both the Trainers Development Program and WCPG. I look forward to engaging in enriching discussions and collaborative learning experiences during the training and the congress.

***

During the congress, I will be presenting a poster titled **'Cross-Ancestry Polygenic Risk Scores for Psychiatric Disorders in Indian Populations'**, where we explore India's Population Stratification and Cross-Ancestry Bayesian Polygenic Risk Score predictions in two binary case/control conditions (BPAD, OCD) and one continuous trait (Externalizing).